# My Easy Team Tracker

Watch the demonstrational video:  
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1s7kADFHBE6ifHrrJhUXoehkVLJGzT6Tk/view

## DESCRIPTION
This is an effective tool that enables business owners to easily view and manage the departments, roles and employees within the company by selecting the desired information from your command line. You are also able to populate and update data with this app. Give it a try. It's free.

## TABLE OF CONTENTS
* [Installation](#installation)
* [Usage](#instructions)
* [Contributing](#contribution)
* [License](#license)
* [Contact](#contact)


## INSTALLATION
1 - Clone this app repository on your local machine.  
2 - On you command line, navigate to the folder containing the repo.  
3 - Run <npm install> to apply the necessary node modules.


## USAGE
1 - On your command line, navigate to this app folder.  
2 - Run <npm start>  
3 - Select the desired action and answer the questions if there is any.  
4 - The data you need will be displayed directly on your command line.  
  


## CONTRIBUTING
You are welcome to help if you have any ideas to improve our project! If you want to do so, just follow these steps:

1 - Fork the repository.  
2 - Create a new branch for you new feature or bug fix.  
3 - Make the changes you have in mind.  
4 - Commit your changes and push them to your fork.  
5 - Open a pull request detailing the changes you've made.

## LICENSE
MIT license

# CONTACT
* Github: [LeopoldoGurgel](https://github.com/LeopoldoGurgel)
* E-mail: leopoldogbp@gmail.com

This file was generated by Easy Readme Generator